README.md, before:

# RegExtris

Eliminate the falling tiles in real-time with your sweet RegEx skills.

[Play online](https://alexanderbird.github.io/regextris/)

## Contributing

Suggestions, feedback, and pull requests are welcome.

## Developer Notes

It's just a single HTML file with one JavaScript file and one CSS file,
according to the ancient traditions of the interwebs.

To preview locally, clone the repo and open the HTML file in your browser.

That's it.

## Prior art

I didn't do a web search before making this, but apparently someone else had the
same idea years ago, and also named theirs "regextris" 😮. I did not mean to
take the same name.

Link to the code: https://github.com/SA3-Games/RegExtris

Their site was hosted on Heroku but doesn't appear to be operational any more.
Also, the last update was 4+ years ago.

If you were part of that project (or any other same-named project) and would
prefer I didn't use the name, you can open an issue on this repo and I'll change
the name to something else.

Commit message:

d - Explain why everything is in a folder called "docs"

README.md, after:

# RegExtris

Eliminate the falling tiles in real-time with your sweet RegEx skills.

[Play online](https://alexanderbird.github.io/regextris/)

## Contributing

Suggestions, feedback, and pull requests are welcome.

## Developer Notes

It's just a single HTML file with one JavaScript file and one CSS file,
according to the ancient traditions of the interwebs.

To preview locally, clone the repo and open the HTML file in your browser.

That's it.

The site is in the "docs" folder because it's deployed with GitHub Pages which
seems to only accept a folder named "docs".

## Prior art

I didn't do a web search before making this, but apparently someone else had the
same idea years ago, and also named theirs "regextris" 😮. I did not mean to
take the same name.

Link to the code: https://github.com/SA3-Games/RegExtris

Their site was hosted on Heroku but doesn't appear to be operational any more.
Also, the last update was 4+ years ago.

If you were part of that project (or any other same-named project) and would
prefer I didn't use the name, you can open an issue on this repo and I'll change
the name to something else.
